Paper_1/index.md, before:

---
layout: index_template
footer: Generated by AutoDocs.index version 2.0.5 "dumb gitignore handling is gone?" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
title: Index of Paper 1 | Computer Science
---

# Paper 1

← [Back to Paper 1](..)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) exam_questions](Paper_1/exam_questions)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 2020_01_28](Paper_1/exam_questions/2020_01_28.md)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 2020_02_06](Paper_1/exam_questions/2020_02_06.md)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 2020_03_03](Paper_1/exam_questions/2020_03_03.md)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) javascript_tasks_2](Paper_1/javascript_tasks_2)
  - [![JS file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/js.png) html](Paper_1/javascript_tasks_2/html.js)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) javascript](Paper_1/javascript_tasks_2/javascript.md)
  - [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) markdown](Paper_1/javascript_tasks_2/markdown.html)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) success](Paper_1/javascript_tasks_2/success.md)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) lmc](Paper_1/lmc)
  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) wfh](Paper_1/lmc/wfh)
    - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) term_5](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5)
      - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) week_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3)
        - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_1.gif)
        - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_1.lmc)
        - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_2.gif)
        - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_2.lmc)
        - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_3.gif)
        - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_3.lmc)
        - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) lmc_tasks](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/lmc_tasks.md)
        - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) simple_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_1.gif)
        - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_1.lmc)
        - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) simple_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_2.gif)
        - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_2.lmc)
        - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) simple_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_3.gif)
        - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_3.lmc)

      - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) week_4](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4)
        - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 03._lmc_questions](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/03._lmc_questions.md)
        - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 04._lmc_advanced](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04._lmc_advanced.md)
        - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) 04_ac1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04_ac1.lmc)
        - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) 04_ac2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04_ac2.lmc)
        - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 05._lmc_questions](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/05._lmc_questions.md)
        - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) lmc_questions_feedback](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/lmc_questions_feedback.md)



  - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) advanced_tasks](Paper_1/lmc/advanced_tasks.lmc)
  - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) beginner_tasks](Paper_1/lmc/beginner_tasks.lmc)
  - [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) bundled_interpreter](Paper_1/lmc/bundled_interpreter.py)
  - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) difference](Paper_1/lmc/difference.lmc)
  - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) equality](Paper_1/lmc/equality.lmc)
  - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) inputting_and_storing_numbers](Paper_1/lmc/inputting_and_storing_numbers.lmc)
  - [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) interpreter](Paper_1/lmc/interpreter.py)
  - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) medium_tasks](Paper_1/lmc/medium_tasks.lmc)
  - [![ file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/binary-file.png) render_concept](Paper_1/lmc/render_concept)
  - [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) render_lmc_computer](Paper_1/lmc/render_lmc_computer.py)
  - [![ file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/binary-file.png) render_template](Paper_1/lmc/render_template)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) section_1](Paper_1/section_1)
  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_1](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_1)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) cpu_notes](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_1/cpu_notes.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) pipelining](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_1/pipelining.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) processor_architectures](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_1/processor_architectures.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_2](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_2)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) cisc_and_risc](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_2/cisc_and_risc.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) gpus](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_2/gpus.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_3](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_3)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) questions](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_3/questions.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_4](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_4)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) questions](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_4/questions.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_5](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_5)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) questions](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_5/questions.md)


- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) section_2](Paper_1/section_2)
  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_1](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_1)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) operating_systems](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_1/operating_systems.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_2](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_2)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) nature_of_applications](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_2/nature_of_applications.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) programming_language_translators](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_2/programming_language_translators.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_4](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) addressing](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/addressing.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) object_oriented_languages](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/object_oriented_languages.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) object_oriented_programming](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/object_oriented_programming.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) wfh_oop_exam_questions](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/wfh_oop_exam_questions.md)
    - [![PNG file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) wfh_oop_exam_questions](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/wfh_oop_exam_questions.png)


- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) section_3](Paper_1/section_3)
  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_1](Paper_1/section_3/chapter_1)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) encryption](Paper_1/section_3/chapter_1/encryption.md)


- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) section_4](Paper_1/section_4)
  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_1](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_1)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) character_sets](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_1/character_sets.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) primitive_data_types](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_1/primitive_data_types.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_2](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) data_structures](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/data_structures.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) definitions](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/definitions.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) lists_and_linked_lists](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/lists_and_linked_lists.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) queues](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/queues.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) stacks](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/stacks.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_3](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_3)
    - [![PNG file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) gates](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_3/gates.png)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) logic_gates](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_3/logic_gates.md)


- [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) england](Paper_1/england.html)
- [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) html_for_miss_brown](Paper_1/html_for_miss_brown.html)
- [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) javascript_tasks](Paper_1/javascript_tasks.html)
- [![PNG file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) javascript_tasks](Paper_1/javascript_tasks.png)
- [![JS file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/js.png) js2](Paper_1/js2.js)
- [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) miss_browns_page](Paper_1/miss_browns_page.html)
- [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) northernIreland](Paper_1/northernIreland.html)
- [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) oxford](Paper_1/oxford.html)
- [![CSS file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/css.png) oxford_style](Paper_1/oxford_style.css)
- [![TXT file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/document.png) page135questions](Paper_1/page135questions.txt)
- [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) scotland](Paper_1/scotland.html)
- [![CSS file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/css.png) style](Paper_1/style.css)
- [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) wales](Paper_1/wales.html)

Commit message:

Fix name of root directory

Paper_1/index.md, after:

---
layout: index_template
footer: Generated by AutoDocs.index version 2.0.6 "fix name of root directory" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
title: Index of Paper 1 | Computer Science
---

# Paper 1

← [Back to Paper 1](..)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) exam_questions](Paper_1/exam_questions)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 2020_01_28](Paper_1/exam_questions/2020_01_28.md)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 2020_02_06](Paper_1/exam_questions/2020_02_06.md)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 2020_03_03](Paper_1/exam_questions/2020_03_03.md)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) javascript_tasks_2](Paper_1/javascript_tasks_2)
  - [![JS file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/js.png) html](Paper_1/javascript_tasks_2/html.js)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) javascript](Paper_1/javascript_tasks_2/javascript.md)
  - [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) markdown](Paper_1/javascript_tasks_2/markdown.html)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) success](Paper_1/javascript_tasks_2/success.md)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) lmc](Paper_1/lmc)
  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) wfh](Paper_1/lmc/wfh)
    - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) term_5](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5)
      - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) week_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3)
        - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_1.gif)
        - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_1.lmc)
        - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_2.gif)
        - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_2.lmc)
        - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_3.gif)
        - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_3.lmc)
        - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) lmc_tasks](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/lmc_tasks.md)
        - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) simple_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_1.gif)
        - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_1.lmc)
        - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) simple_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_2.gif)
        - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_2.lmc)
        - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) simple_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_3.gif)
        - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_3.lmc)

      - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) week_4](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4)
        - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 03._lmc_questions](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/03._lmc_questions.md)
        - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 04._lmc_advanced](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04._lmc_advanced.md)
        - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) 04_ac1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04_ac1.lmc)
        - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) 04_ac2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04_ac2.lmc)
        - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 05._lmc_questions](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/05._lmc_questions.md)
        - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) lmc_questions_feedback](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/lmc_questions_feedback.md)



  - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) advanced_tasks](Paper_1/lmc/advanced_tasks.lmc)
  - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) beginner_tasks](Paper_1/lmc/beginner_tasks.lmc)
  - [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) bundled_interpreter](Paper_1/lmc/bundled_interpreter.py)
  - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) difference](Paper_1/lmc/difference.lmc)
  - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) equality](Paper_1/lmc/equality.lmc)
  - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) inputting_and_storing_numbers](Paper_1/lmc/inputting_and_storing_numbers.lmc)
  - [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) interpreter](Paper_1/lmc/interpreter.py)
  - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) medium_tasks](Paper_1/lmc/medium_tasks.lmc)
  - [![ file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/binary-file.png) render_concept](Paper_1/lmc/render_concept)
  - [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) render_lmc_computer](Paper_1/lmc/render_lmc_computer.py)
  - [![ file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/binary-file.png) render_template](Paper_1/lmc/render_template)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) section_1](Paper_1/section_1)
  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_1](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_1)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) cpu_notes](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_1/cpu_notes.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) pipelining](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_1/pipelining.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) processor_architectures](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_1/processor_architectures.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_2](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_2)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) cisc_and_risc](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_2/cisc_and_risc.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) gpus](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_2/gpus.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_3](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_3)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) questions](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_3/questions.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_4](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_4)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) questions](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_4/questions.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_5](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_5)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) questions](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_5/questions.md)


- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) section_2](Paper_1/section_2)
  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_1](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_1)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) operating_systems](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_1/operating_systems.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_2](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_2)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) nature_of_applications](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_2/nature_of_applications.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) programming_language_translators](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_2/programming_language_translators.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_4](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) addressing](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/addressing.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) object_oriented_languages](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/object_oriented_languages.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) object_oriented_programming](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/object_oriented_programming.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) wfh_oop_exam_questions](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/wfh_oop_exam_questions.md)
    - [![PNG file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) wfh_oop_exam_questions](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/wfh_oop_exam_questions.png)


- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) section_3](Paper_1/section_3)
  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_1](Paper_1/section_3/chapter_1)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) encryption](Paper_1/section_3/chapter_1/encryption.md)


- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) section_4](Paper_1/section_4)
  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_1](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_1)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) character_sets](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_1/character_sets.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) primitive_data_types](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_1/primitive_data_types.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_2](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) data_structures](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/data_structures.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) definitions](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/definitions.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) lists_and_linked_lists](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/lists_and_linked_lists.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) queues](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/queues.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) stacks](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/stacks.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_3](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_3)
    - [![PNG file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) gates](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_3/gates.png)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) logic_gates](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_3/logic_gates.md)


- [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) england](Paper_1/england.html)
- [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) html_for_miss_brown](Paper_1/html_for_miss_brown.html)
- [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) javascript_tasks](Paper_1/javascript_tasks.html)
- [![PNG file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) javascript_tasks](Paper_1/javascript_tasks.png)
- [![JS file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/js.png) js2](Paper_1/js2.js)
- [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) miss_browns_page](Paper_1/miss_browns_page.html)
- [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) northernIreland](Paper_1/northernIreland.html)
- [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) oxford](Paper_1/oxford.html)
- [![CSS file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/css.png) oxford_style](Paper_1/oxford_style.css)
- [![TXT file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/document.png) page135questions](Paper_1/page135questions.txt)
- [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) scotland](Paper_1/scotland.html)
- [![CSS file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/css.png) style](Paper_1/style.css)
- [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) wales](Paper_1/wales.html)
