index.md, before:

# Computer Science

- [Gitignore (GITIGNORE file)](.gitignore)
- [Pre Commit Config (YAML file)](.pre-commit-config.yaml)
- [404](404.html)
- [License (LICENSE file)](LICENSE)
- [Paper 1](Paper_1/index.html)
  - [England](Paper_1/england.html)
  - [Exam Questions](Paper_1/exam_questions/index.html)
    - [2020 01 28](Paper_1/exam_questions/2020_01_28.html)
    - [2020 02 06](Paper_1/exam_questions/2020_02_06.html)
  - [Html For Miss Brown](Paper_1/html_for_miss_brown.html)
  - [Javascript Tasks](Paper_1/javascript_tasks.html)
  - [Javascript Tasks (PNG file)](Paper_1/javascript_tasks.png)
  - [Javascript Tasks 2](Paper_1/javascript_tasks_2/index.html)
    - [Html (JS file)](Paper_1/javascript_tasks_2/html.js)
    - [Javascript](Paper_1/javascript_tasks_2/javascript.html)
    - [Markdown](Paper_1/javascript_tasks_2/markdown.html)
    - [Success](Paper_1/javascript_tasks_2/success.html)
  - [Js2 (JS file)](Paper_1/js2.js)
  - [Lmc](Paper_1/lmc/index.html)
    - [Advanced Tasks (LMC file)](Paper_1/lmc/advanced_tasks.lmc)
    - [Beginner Tasks (LMC file)](Paper_1/lmc/beginner_tasks.lmc)
    - [Difference (LMC file)](Paper_1/lmc/difference.lmc)
    - [Equality (LMC file)](Paper_1/lmc/equality.lmc)
    - [Inputting And Storing Numbers (LMC file)](Paper_1/lmc/inputting_and_storing_numbers.lmc)
    - [Medium Tasks (LMC file)](Paper_1/lmc/medium_tasks.lmc)
  - [Miss Browns Page](Paper_1/miss_browns_page.html)
  - [Northernireland](Paper_1/northernIreland.html)
  - [Oxford](Paper_1/oxford.html)
  - [Oxford Style (CSS file)](Paper_1/oxford_style.css)
  - [Page135Questions (TXT file)](Paper_1/page135questions.txt)
  - [Scotland](Paper_1/scotland.html)
  - [Section 1](Paper_1/section_1/index.html)
    - [Chapter 1](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_1/index.html)
      - [Cpu Notes](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_1/cpu_notes.html)
      - [Pipelining](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_1/pipelining.html)
      - [Processor Architectures](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_1/processor_architectures.html)
    - [Chapter 2](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_2/index.html)
      - [Cisc And Risc](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_2/cisc_and_risc.html)
      - [Gpus](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_2/gpus.html)
    - [Chapter 3](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_3/index.html)
      - [Questions](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_3/questions.html)
    - [Chapter 4](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_4/index.html)
      - [Questions](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_4/questions.html)
    - [Chapter 5](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_5/index.html)
      - [Questions](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_5/questions.html)
  - [Section 2](Paper_1/section_2/index.html)
    - [Chapter 1](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_1/index.html)
      - [Operating Systems](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_1/operating_systems.html)
    - [Chapter 4](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/index.html)
      - [Addressing](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/addressing.html)
  - [Section 3](Paper_1/section_3/index.html)
    - [Chapter 1](Paper_1/section_3/chapter_1/index.html)
      - [Encryption](Paper_1/section_3/chapter_1/encryption.html)
  - [Section 4](Paper_1/section_4/index.html)
    - [Chapter 1](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_1/index.html)
      - [Character Sets](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_1/character_sets.html)
      - [Primitive Data Types](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_1/primitive_data_types.html)
    - [Chapter 2](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/index.html)
      - [Data Structures](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/data_structures.html)
      - [Lists And Linked Lists](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/lists_and_linked_lists.html)
      - [Queues](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/queues.html)
    - [Chapter 3](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_3/index.html)
      - [Gates (PNG file)](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_3/gates.png)
      - [Logic Gates](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_3/logic_gates.html)
  - [Style (CSS file)](Paper_1/style.css)
  - [Wales](Paper_1/wales.html)
- [Paper 2](Paper_2/index.html)
  - [Caching (DLL file)](Paper_2/Caching.dll)
  - [Bondm51122Cython (C file)](Paper_2/bondm51122cython.c)
  - [Bondm51122Cython (PY file)](Paper_2/bondm51122cython.py)
  - [Bubble (CS file)](Paper_2/bubble.cs)
  - [Bubble (EXE file)](Paper_2/bubble.exe)
  - [Build (SH file)](Paper_2/build.sh)
  - [Algorithms (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_algorithms.splw)
  - [Bond1 4.1.2 1 (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_bond1-4.1.2-1.splw)
  - [Bond1 4.1.2 2 (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_bond1-4.1.2-2.splw)
  - [Bond1 4.1.2 3 (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_bond1-4.1.2-3.splw)
  - [Bond1 4.1.2 4 (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_bond1-4.1.2-4.splw)
  - [Bond1 4.1.2 5 (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_bond1-4.1.2-5.splw)
  - [Bondm5.1.1 1 (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.1-1.py)
  - [Bondm5.1.1 1 V2 (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.1-1_v2.py)
  - [Bondm5.1.1 2 (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.1-2.py)
  - [Bondm5.1.1 2 (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.1-2.splw)
  - [Bondm5.1.1 2 V2 (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.1-2_v2.py)
  - [Bondm5.1.3 1 (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.3-1.py)
  - [Bondm5.1.5 1 (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.5-1.py)
  - [Bondm5.1.5 2 (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.5-2.py)
  - [Bubble Questions (TXT file)](Paper_2/colliert_bubble_questions.txt)
  - [Christmas Homework](Paper_2/colliert_christmas_homework.html)
  - [Christmas Homework](Paper_2/colliert_christmas_homework.html)
  - [Christmas Hw Questions](Paper_2/colliert_christmas_hw_questions.html)
  - [Christmas Hw Questions Pandoc Out](Paper_2/colliert_christmas_hw_questions_pandoc_out.html)
  - [Cipher (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_cipher.py)
  - [Cipher (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_cipher.splw)
  - [Data1 (TXT file)](Paper_2/colliert_data1.txt)
  - [Data2 1 (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_data2-1.py)
  - [Data2 2 (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_data2-2.py)
  - [Data2 3 (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_data2-3.py)
  - [Dicts (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_dicts.py)
  - [Fixed Point (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_fixed-point.py)
  - [Fixed Point Minified (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_fixed-point_minified.py)
  - [Floats (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_floats.py)
  - [Floats (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_floats.splw)
  - [Floats Better (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_floats_better.py)
  - [Mappings (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_mappings.splw)
  - [Merge Question 3 (PNG file)](Paper_2/colliert_merge_question_3.png)
  - [Merge Question 3 (TXT file)](Paper_2/colliert_merge_question_3.txt)
  - [Merge Questions (TXT file)](Paper_2/colliert_merge_questions.txt)
  - [Multiply Divide Up To 16 Crlf (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_multiply_divide_up_to_16-crlf.splw)
  - [Multiply Divide Up To 16 (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_multiply_divide_up_to_16.py)
  - [Multiply Divide Up To 16 (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_multiply_divide_up_to_16.splw)
  - [Partition Exchange Sort (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_partition_exchange_sort.py)
  - [Quick Sort (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_quick_sort.splw)
  - [Sorts (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_sorts.py)
  - [Sorts (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_sorts.splw)
  - [Fibonacci (CS file)](Paper_2/fibonacci.cs)
  - [Fibonacci (EXE file)](Paper_2/fibonacci.exe)
  - [Fibonacci (PY file)](Paper_2/fibonacci.py)
  - [Fibonacci (SPLW file)](Paper_2/fibonacci.splw)
  - [Fibonacci No Cache (CS file)](Paper_2/fibonacci_no_cache.cs)
  - [Fibonacci No Cache (EXE file)](Paper_2/fibonacci_no_cache.exe)
  - [Fix Line Endings (PY file)](Paper_2/fix_line_endings.py)
  - [Shuffle Sort (PY file)](Paper_2/shuffle_sort.py)
  - [Student List (TXT file)](Paper_2/student list.txt)
  - [Tk Arranger (PY file)](Paper_2/tk_arranger.py)
- [Readme](README.html)
- [Config (YML file)](_config.yml)
- [Autodocs (PY file)](autodocs.py)
- [Style (CSS file)](style.css)

Commit message:

Add main_and_function work

index.md, after:

# Computer Science

- [Gitignore (GITIGNORE file)](.gitignore)
- [Pre Commit Config (YAML file)](.pre-commit-config.yaml)
- [404](404.html)
- [License (LICENSE file)](LICENSE)
- [Paper 1](Paper_1/index.html)
  - [England](Paper_1/england.html)
  - [Exam Questions](Paper_1/exam_questions/index.html)
    - [2020 01 28](Paper_1/exam_questions/2020_01_28.html)
    - [2020 02 06](Paper_1/exam_questions/2020_02_06.html)
  - [Html For Miss Brown](Paper_1/html_for_miss_brown.html)
  - [Javascript Tasks](Paper_1/javascript_tasks.html)
  - [Javascript Tasks (PNG file)](Paper_1/javascript_tasks.png)
  - [Javascript Tasks 2](Paper_1/javascript_tasks_2/index.html)
    - [Html (JS file)](Paper_1/javascript_tasks_2/html.js)
    - [Javascript](Paper_1/javascript_tasks_2/javascript.html)
    - [Markdown](Paper_1/javascript_tasks_2/markdown.html)
    - [Success](Paper_1/javascript_tasks_2/success.html)
  - [Js2 (JS file)](Paper_1/js2.js)
  - [Lmc](Paper_1/lmc/index.html)
    - [Advanced Tasks (LMC file)](Paper_1/lmc/advanced_tasks.lmc)
    - [Beginner Tasks (LMC file)](Paper_1/lmc/beginner_tasks.lmc)
    - [Difference (LMC file)](Paper_1/lmc/difference.lmc)
    - [Equality (LMC file)](Paper_1/lmc/equality.lmc)
    - [Inputting And Storing Numbers (LMC file)](Paper_1/lmc/inputting_and_storing_numbers.lmc)
    - [Medium Tasks (LMC file)](Paper_1/lmc/medium_tasks.lmc)
  - [Miss Browns Page](Paper_1/miss_browns_page.html)
  - [Northernireland](Paper_1/northernIreland.html)
  - [Oxford](Paper_1/oxford.html)
  - [Oxford Style (CSS file)](Paper_1/oxford_style.css)
  - [Page135Questions (TXT file)](Paper_1/page135questions.txt)
  - [Scotland](Paper_1/scotland.html)
  - [Section 1](Paper_1/section_1/index.html)
    - [Chapter 1](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_1/index.html)
      - [Cpu Notes](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_1/cpu_notes.html)
      - [Pipelining](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_1/pipelining.html)
      - [Processor Architectures](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_1/processor_architectures.html)
    - [Chapter 2](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_2/index.html)
      - [Cisc And Risc](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_2/cisc_and_risc.html)
      - [Gpus](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_2/gpus.html)
    - [Chapter 3](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_3/index.html)
      - [Questions](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_3/questions.html)
    - [Chapter 4](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_4/index.html)
      - [Questions](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_4/questions.html)
    - [Chapter 5](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_5/index.html)
      - [Questions](Paper_1/section_1/chapter_5/questions.html)
  - [Section 2](Paper_1/section_2/index.html)
    - [Chapter 1](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_1/index.html)
      - [Operating Systems](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_1/operating_systems.html)
    - [Chapter 4](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/index.html)
      - [Addressing](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/addressing.html)
  - [Section 3](Paper_1/section_3/index.html)
    - [Chapter 1](Paper_1/section_3/chapter_1/index.html)
      - [Encryption](Paper_1/section_3/chapter_1/encryption.html)
  - [Section 4](Paper_1/section_4/index.html)
    - [Chapter 1](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_1/index.html)
      - [Character Sets](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_1/character_sets.html)
      - [Primitive Data Types](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_1/primitive_data_types.html)
    - [Chapter 2](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/index.html)
      - [Data Structures](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/data_structures.html)
      - [Lists And Linked Lists](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/lists_and_linked_lists.html)
      - [Queues](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/queues.html)
    - [Chapter 3](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_3/index.html)
      - [Gates (PNG file)](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_3/gates.png)
      - [Logic Gates](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_3/logic_gates.html)
  - [Style (CSS file)](Paper_1/style.css)
  - [Wales](Paper_1/wales.html)
- [Paper 2](Paper_2/index.html)
  - [Caching (DLL file)](Paper_2/Caching.dll)
  - [Bondm51122Cython (C file)](Paper_2/bondm51122cython.c)
  - [Bondm51122Cython (PY file)](Paper_2/bondm51122cython.py)
  - [Bubble (CS file)](Paper_2/bubble.cs)
  - [Bubble (EXE file)](Paper_2/bubble.exe)
  - [Build (SH file)](Paper_2/build.sh)
  - [Algorithms (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_algorithms.splw)
  - [Bond1 4.1.2 1 (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_bond1-4.1.2-1.splw)
  - [Bond1 4.1.2 2 (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_bond1-4.1.2-2.splw)
  - [Bond1 4.1.2 3 (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_bond1-4.1.2-3.splw)
  - [Bond1 4.1.2 4 (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_bond1-4.1.2-4.splw)
  - [Bond1 4.1.2 5 (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_bond1-4.1.2-5.splw)
  - [Bondm5.1.1 1 (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.1-1.py)
  - [Bondm5.1.1 1 V2 (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.1-1_v2.py)
  - [Bondm5.1.1 2 (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.1-2.py)
  - [Bondm5.1.1 2 (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.1-2.splw)
  - [Bondm5.1.1 2 V2 (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.1-2_v2.py)
  - [Bondm5.1.3 1 (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.3-1.py)
  - [Bondm5.1.5 1 (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.5-1.py)
  - [Bondm5.1.5 2 (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.5-2.py)
  - [Bubble Questions (TXT file)](Paper_2/colliert_bubble_questions.txt)
  - [Christmas Homework](Paper_2/colliert_christmas_homework.html)
  - [Christmas Homework](Paper_2/colliert_christmas_homework.html)
  - [Christmas Hw Questions](Paper_2/colliert_christmas_hw_questions.html)
  - [Christmas Hw Questions Pandoc Out](Paper_2/colliert_christmas_hw_questions_pandoc_out.html)
  - [Cipher (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_cipher.py)
  - [Cipher (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_cipher.splw)
  - [Data1 (TXT file)](Paper_2/colliert_data1.txt)
  - [Data2 1 (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_data2-1.py)
  - [Data2 2 (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_data2-2.py)
  - [Data2 3 (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_data2-3.py)
  - [Dicts (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_dicts.py)
  - [Fixed Point (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_fixed-point.py)
  - [Fixed Point Minified (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_fixed-point_minified.py)
  - [Floats (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_floats.py)
  - [Floats (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_floats.splw)
  - [Floats Better (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_floats_better.py)
  - [Mappings (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_mappings.splw)
  - [Merge Question 3 (PNG file)](Paper_2/colliert_merge_question_3.png)
  - [Merge Question 3 (TXT file)](Paper_2/colliert_merge_question_3.txt)
  - [Merge Questions (TXT file)](Paper_2/colliert_merge_questions.txt)
  - [Multiply Divide Up To 16 Crlf (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_multiply_divide_up_to_16-crlf.splw)
  - [Multiply Divide Up To 16 (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_multiply_divide_up_to_16.py)
  - [Multiply Divide Up To 16 (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_multiply_divide_up_to_16.splw)
  - [Partition Exchange Sort (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_partition_exchange_sort.py)
  - [Quick Sort (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_quick_sort.splw)
  - [Sorts (PY file)](Paper_2/colliert_sorts.py)
  - [Sorts (SPLW file)](Paper_2/colliert_sorts.splw)
  - [Fibonacci (CS file)](Paper_2/fibonacci.cs)
  - [Fibonacci (EXE file)](Paper_2/fibonacci.exe)
  - [Fibonacci (PY file)](Paper_2/fibonacci.py)
  - [Fibonacci (SPLW file)](Paper_2/fibonacci.splw)
  - [Fibonacci No Cache (CS file)](Paper_2/fibonacci_no_cache.cs)
  - [Fibonacci No Cache (EXE file)](Paper_2/fibonacci_no_cache.exe)
  - [Fix Line Endings (PY file)](Paper_2/fix_line_endings.py)
  - [Section 2](Paper_2/section_2/index.html)
    - [Chapter 1](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/index.html)
      - [Clang Format (CLANG-FORMAT file)](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/.clang-format)
      - [Main And Function (MAIN_AND_FUNCTION file)](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/main_and_function)
      - [Main And Function (C file)](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/main_and_function.c)
      - [Main And Function (SPLW file)](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/main_and_function.splw)
  - [Shuffle Sort (PY file)](Paper_2/shuffle_sort.py)
  - [Student List (TXT file)](Paper_2/student list.txt)
  - [Tk Arranger (PY file)](Paper_2/tk_arranger.py)
- [Readme](README.html)
- [Config (YML file)](_config.yml)
- [Autodocs (PY file)](autodocs.py)
- [Style (CSS file)](style.css)
