Paper_1/lmc/wfh/index.md, before:

---
layout: index_template
footer: Generated by AutoDocs.index version 2.0.5 "dumb gitignore handling is gone?" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
title: Index of Wfh | Computer Science
---

# Wfh

← [Back to Wfh](..)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) term_5](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5)
  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) week_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3)
    - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_1.gif)
    - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_1.lmc)
    - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_2.gif)
    - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_2.lmc)
    - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_3.gif)
    - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_3.lmc)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) lmc_tasks](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/lmc_tasks.md)
    - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) simple_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_1.gif)
    - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_1.lmc)
    - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) simple_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_2.gif)
    - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_2.lmc)
    - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) simple_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_3.gif)
    - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_3.lmc)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) week_4](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 03._lmc_questions](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/03._lmc_questions.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 04._lmc_advanced](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04._lmc_advanced.md)
    - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) 04_ac1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04_ac1.lmc)
    - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) 04_ac2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04_ac2.lmc)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 05._lmc_questions](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/05._lmc_questions.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) lmc_questions_feedback](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/lmc_questions_feedback.md)

Commit message:

Fix name of root directory

Paper_1/lmc/wfh/index.md, after:

---
layout: index_template
footer: Generated by AutoDocs.index version 2.0.6 "fix name of root directory" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
title: Index of Wfh | Computer Science
---

# Wfh

← [Back to Wfh](..)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) term_5](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5)
  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) week_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3)
    - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_1.gif)
    - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_1.lmc)
    - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_2.gif)
    - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_2.lmc)
    - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_3.gif)
    - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_3.lmc)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) lmc_tasks](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/lmc_tasks.md)
    - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) simple_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_1.gif)
    - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_1.lmc)
    - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) simple_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_2.gif)
    - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_2.lmc)
    - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) simple_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_3.gif)
    - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_3.lmc)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) week_4](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 03._lmc_questions](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/03._lmc_questions.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 04._lmc_advanced](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04._lmc_advanced.md)
    - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) 04_ac1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04_ac1.lmc)
    - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) 04_ac2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04_ac2.lmc)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 05._lmc_questions](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/05._lmc_questions.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) lmc_questions_feedback](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/lmc_questions_feedback.md)
