Paper_2/index.md, before:

---
layout: index_template
footer: Generated by AutoDocs.index version 2.0.5 "dumb gitignore handling is gone?" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
title: Index of Paper 2 | Computer Science
---

# Paper 2

← [Back to Paper 2](..)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) easter_holiday_tasks](Paper_2/easter_holiday_tasks)
  - [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) all](Paper_2/easter_holiday_tasks/all.html)
  - [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) calculator](Paper_2/easter_holiday_tasks/calculator.html)
  - [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) dropdown](Paper_2/easter_holiday_tasks/dropdown.html)
  - [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) textfile](Paper_2/easter_holiday_tasks/textfile.html)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) section_1](Paper_2/section_1)
  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_1](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_1)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) thinking_abstractly](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_1/thinking_abstractly.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_2](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_2)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) thinking_ahead](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_2/thinking_ahead.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_3](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_3)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) thinking_procedurally](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_3/thinking_procedurally.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_4](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_4)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) thinking_logically](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_4/thinking_logically.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_5](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_5)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) thinking_concurrently](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_5/thinking_concurrently.md)


- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) section_2](Paper_2/section_2)
  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_1](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1)
    - [![CLANG-FORMAT file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/file-configuration.png) clang-format](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/.clang-format)
    - [![ file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/binary-file.png) main_and_function](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/main_and_function)
    - [![C file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/c.png) main_and_function](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/main_and_function.c)
    - [![OCRPSC file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/code-file.png) main_and_function](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/main_and_function.ocrpsc)
    - [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) main_and_function](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/main_and_function.splw)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) programming_techniques](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/programming_techniques.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) recursion](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/recursion.md)
    - [![C file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/c.png) sub_programs](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/sub_programs.c)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) sub_programs](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/sub_programs.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) classes_RENAME_LATER](Paper_2/section_2/classes_RENAME_LATER)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) inheritance](Paper_2/section_2/classes_RENAME_LATER/inheritance.md)
    - [![PSC file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/code-file.png) inheritance](Paper_2/section_2/classes_RENAME_LATER/inheritance.psc)
    - [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) inheritance](Paper_2/section_2/classes_RENAME_LATER/inheritance.py)
    - [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) shape](Paper_2/section_2/classes_RENAME_LATER/shape.py)
    - [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) shape](Paper_2/section_2/classes_RENAME_LATER/shape.splw)


- [![DLL file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/dll.png) Caching](Paper_2/Caching.dll)
- [![C file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/c.png) bondm51122cython](Paper_2/bondm51122cython.c)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) bondm51122cython](Paper_2/bondm51122cython.py)
- [![CS file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/cs.png) bubble](Paper_2/bubble.cs)
- [![EXE file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/exe.png) bubble](Paper_2/bubble.exe)
- [![SH file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/important-file.png) build](Paper_2/build.sh)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_algorithms](Paper_2/colliert_algorithms.splw)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_bond1-4.1.2-1](Paper_2/colliert_bond1-4.1.2-1.splw)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_bond1-4.1.2-2](Paper_2/colliert_bond1-4.1.2-2.splw)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_bond1-4.1.2-3](Paper_2/colliert_bond1-4.1.2-3.splw)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_bond1-4.1.2-4](Paper_2/colliert_bond1-4.1.2-4.splw)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_bond1-4.1.2-5](Paper_2/colliert_bond1-4.1.2-5.splw)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_bondm5.1.1-1](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.1-1.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_bondm5.1.1-1_v2](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.1-1_v2.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_bondm5.1.1-2](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.1-2.py)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_bondm5.1.1-2](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.1-2.splw)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_bondm5.1.1-2_v2](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.1-2_v2.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_bondm5.1.3-1](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.3-1.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_bondm5.1.5-1](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.5-1.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_bondm5.1.5-2](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.5-2.py)
- [![TXT file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/document.png) colliert_bubble_questions](Paper_2/colliert_bubble_questions.txt)
- [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) colliert_christmas_homework](Paper_2/colliert_christmas_homework.html)
- [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) colliert_christmas_homework](Paper_2/colliert_christmas_homework.md)
- [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) colliert_christmas_hw_questions](Paper_2/colliert_christmas_hw_questions.md)
- [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) colliert_christmas_hw_questions_pandoc_out](Paper_2/colliert_christmas_hw_questions_pandoc_out.html)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_cipher](Paper_2/colliert_cipher.py)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_cipher](Paper_2/colliert_cipher.splw)
- [![TXT file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/document.png) colliert_data1](Paper_2/colliert_data1.txt)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_data2-1](Paper_2/colliert_data2-1.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_data2-2](Paper_2/colliert_data2-2.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_data2-3](Paper_2/colliert_data2-3.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_dicts](Paper_2/colliert_dicts.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_fixed-point](Paper_2/colliert_fixed-point.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_fixed-point_minified](Paper_2/colliert_fixed-point_minified.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_floats](Paper_2/colliert_floats.py)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_floats](Paper_2/colliert_floats.splw)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_floats_better](Paper_2/colliert_floats_better.py)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_mappings](Paper_2/colliert_mappings.splw)
- [![PNG file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) colliert_merge_question_3](Paper_2/colliert_merge_question_3.png)
- [![TXT file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/document.png) colliert_merge_question_3](Paper_2/colliert_merge_question_3.txt)
- [![TXT file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/document.png) colliert_merge_questions](Paper_2/colliert_merge_questions.txt)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_multiply_divide_up_to_16-crlf](Paper_2/colliert_multiply_divide_up_to_16-crlf.splw)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_multiply_divide_up_to_16](Paper_2/colliert_multiply_divide_up_to_16.py)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_multiply_divide_up_to_16](Paper_2/colliert_multiply_divide_up_to_16.splw)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_partition_exchange_sort](Paper_2/colliert_partition_exchange_sort.py)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_quick_sort](Paper_2/colliert_quick_sort.splw)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_sorts](Paper_2/colliert_sorts.py)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_sorts](Paper_2/colliert_sorts.splw)
- [![CS file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/cs.png) fibonacci](Paper_2/fibonacci.cs)
- [![EXE file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/exe.png) fibonacci](Paper_2/fibonacci.exe)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) fibonacci](Paper_2/fibonacci.py)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) fibonacci](Paper_2/fibonacci.splw)
- [![CS file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/cs.png) fibonacci_no_cache](Paper_2/fibonacci_no_cache.cs)
- [![EXE file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/exe.png) fibonacci_no_cache](Paper_2/fibonacci_no_cache.exe)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) fix_line_endings](Paper_2/fix_line_endings.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) shuffle_sort](Paper_2/shuffle_sort.py)
- [![TXT file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/document.png) student list](Paper_2/student list.txt)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) tk_arranger](Paper_2/tk_arranger.py)

Commit message:

Fix name of root directory

Paper_2/index.md, after:

---
layout: index_template
footer: Generated by AutoDocs.index version 2.0.6 "fix name of root directory" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
title: Index of Paper 2 | Computer Science
---

# Paper 2

← [Back to Paper 2](..)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) easter_holiday_tasks](Paper_2/easter_holiday_tasks)
  - [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) all](Paper_2/easter_holiday_tasks/all.html)
  - [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) calculator](Paper_2/easter_holiday_tasks/calculator.html)
  - [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) dropdown](Paper_2/easter_holiday_tasks/dropdown.html)
  - [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) textfile](Paper_2/easter_holiday_tasks/textfile.html)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) section_1](Paper_2/section_1)
  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_1](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_1)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) thinking_abstractly](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_1/thinking_abstractly.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_2](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_2)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) thinking_ahead](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_2/thinking_ahead.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_3](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_3)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) thinking_procedurally](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_3/thinking_procedurally.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_4](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_4)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) thinking_logically](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_4/thinking_logically.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_5](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_5)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) thinking_concurrently](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_5/thinking_concurrently.md)


- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) section_2](Paper_2/section_2)
  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_1](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1)
    - [![CLANG-FORMAT file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/file-configuration.png) clang-format](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/.clang-format)
    - [![ file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/binary-file.png) main_and_function](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/main_and_function)
    - [![C file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/c.png) main_and_function](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/main_and_function.c)
    - [![OCRPSC file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/code-file.png) main_and_function](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/main_and_function.ocrpsc)
    - [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) main_and_function](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/main_and_function.splw)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) programming_techniques](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/programming_techniques.md)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) recursion](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/recursion.md)
    - [![C file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/c.png) sub_programs](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/sub_programs.c)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) sub_programs](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/sub_programs.md)

  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) classes_RENAME_LATER](Paper_2/section_2/classes_RENAME_LATER)
    - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) inheritance](Paper_2/section_2/classes_RENAME_LATER/inheritance.md)
    - [![PSC file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/code-file.png) inheritance](Paper_2/section_2/classes_RENAME_LATER/inheritance.psc)
    - [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) inheritance](Paper_2/section_2/classes_RENAME_LATER/inheritance.py)
    - [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) shape](Paper_2/section_2/classes_RENAME_LATER/shape.py)
    - [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) shape](Paper_2/section_2/classes_RENAME_LATER/shape.splw)


- [![DLL file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/dll.png) Caching](Paper_2/Caching.dll)
- [![C file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/c.png) bondm51122cython](Paper_2/bondm51122cython.c)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) bondm51122cython](Paper_2/bondm51122cython.py)
- [![CS file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/cs.png) bubble](Paper_2/bubble.cs)
- [![EXE file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/exe.png) bubble](Paper_2/bubble.exe)
- [![SH file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/important-file.png) build](Paper_2/build.sh)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_algorithms](Paper_2/colliert_algorithms.splw)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_bond1-4.1.2-1](Paper_2/colliert_bond1-4.1.2-1.splw)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_bond1-4.1.2-2](Paper_2/colliert_bond1-4.1.2-2.splw)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_bond1-4.1.2-3](Paper_2/colliert_bond1-4.1.2-3.splw)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_bond1-4.1.2-4](Paper_2/colliert_bond1-4.1.2-4.splw)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_bond1-4.1.2-5](Paper_2/colliert_bond1-4.1.2-5.splw)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_bondm5.1.1-1](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.1-1.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_bondm5.1.1-1_v2](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.1-1_v2.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_bondm5.1.1-2](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.1-2.py)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_bondm5.1.1-2](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.1-2.splw)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_bondm5.1.1-2_v2](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.1-2_v2.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_bondm5.1.3-1](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.3-1.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_bondm5.1.5-1](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.5-1.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_bondm5.1.5-2](Paper_2/colliert_bondm5.1.5-2.py)
- [![TXT file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/document.png) colliert_bubble_questions](Paper_2/colliert_bubble_questions.txt)
- [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) colliert_christmas_homework](Paper_2/colliert_christmas_homework.html)
- [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) colliert_christmas_homework](Paper_2/colliert_christmas_homework.md)
- [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) colliert_christmas_hw_questions](Paper_2/colliert_christmas_hw_questions.md)
- [![HTML file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) colliert_christmas_hw_questions_pandoc_out](Paper_2/colliert_christmas_hw_questions_pandoc_out.html)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_cipher](Paper_2/colliert_cipher.py)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_cipher](Paper_2/colliert_cipher.splw)
- [![TXT file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/document.png) colliert_data1](Paper_2/colliert_data1.txt)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_data2-1](Paper_2/colliert_data2-1.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_data2-2](Paper_2/colliert_data2-2.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_data2-3](Paper_2/colliert_data2-3.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_dicts](Paper_2/colliert_dicts.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_fixed-point](Paper_2/colliert_fixed-point.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_fixed-point_minified](Paper_2/colliert_fixed-point_minified.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_floats](Paper_2/colliert_floats.py)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_floats](Paper_2/colliert_floats.splw)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_floats_better](Paper_2/colliert_floats_better.py)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_mappings](Paper_2/colliert_mappings.splw)
- [![PNG file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) colliert_merge_question_3](Paper_2/colliert_merge_question_3.png)
- [![TXT file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/document.png) colliert_merge_question_3](Paper_2/colliert_merge_question_3.txt)
- [![TXT file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/document.png) colliert_merge_questions](Paper_2/colliert_merge_questions.txt)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_multiply_divide_up_to_16-crlf](Paper_2/colliert_multiply_divide_up_to_16-crlf.splw)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_multiply_divide_up_to_16](Paper_2/colliert_multiply_divide_up_to_16.py)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_multiply_divide_up_to_16](Paper_2/colliert_multiply_divide_up_to_16.splw)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_partition_exchange_sort](Paper_2/colliert_partition_exchange_sort.py)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_quick_sort](Paper_2/colliert_quick_sort.splw)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) colliert_sorts](Paper_2/colliert_sorts.py)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) colliert_sorts](Paper_2/colliert_sorts.splw)
- [![CS file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/cs.png) fibonacci](Paper_2/fibonacci.cs)
- [![EXE file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/exe.png) fibonacci](Paper_2/fibonacci.exe)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) fibonacci](Paper_2/fibonacci.py)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) fibonacci](Paper_2/fibonacci.splw)
- [![CS file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/cs.png) fibonacci_no_cache](Paper_2/fibonacci_no_cache.cs)
- [![EXE file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/exe.png) fibonacci_no_cache](Paper_2/fibonacci_no_cache.exe)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) fix_line_endings](Paper_2/fix_line_endings.py)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) shuffle_sort](Paper_2/shuffle_sort.py)
- [![TXT file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/document.png) student list](Paper_2/student list.txt)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) tk_arranger](Paper_2/tk_arranger.py)
