Paper_1/section_2/index.md, before:

---
layout: index_template
footer: Generated by AutoDocs.index version 2.0.5 "dumb gitignore handling is gone?" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
title: Index of Section 2 | Computer Science
---

# Section 2

← [Back to Section 2](..)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_1](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_1)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) operating_systems](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_1/operating_systems.md)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_2](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_2)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) nature_of_applications](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_2/nature_of_applications.md)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) programming_language_translators](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_2/programming_language_translators.md)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_4](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) addressing](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/addressing.md)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) object_oriented_languages](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/object_oriented_languages.md)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) object_oriented_programming](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/object_oriented_programming.md)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) wfh_oop_exam_questions](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/wfh_oop_exam_questions.md)
  - [![PNG file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) wfh_oop_exam_questions](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/wfh_oop_exam_questions.png)

Commit message:

Fix name of root directory

Paper_1/section_2/index.md, after:

---
layout: index_template
footer: Generated by AutoDocs.index version 2.0.6 "fix name of root directory" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
title: Index of Section 2 | Computer Science
---

# Section 2

← [Back to Section 2](..)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_1](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_1)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) operating_systems](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_1/operating_systems.md)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_2](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_2)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) nature_of_applications](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_2/nature_of_applications.md)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) programming_language_translators](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_2/programming_language_translators.md)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_4](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) addressing](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/addressing.md)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) object_oriented_languages](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/object_oriented_languages.md)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) object_oriented_programming](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/object_oriented_programming.md)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) wfh_oop_exam_questions](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/wfh_oop_exam_questions.md)
  - [![PNG file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) wfh_oop_exam_questions](Paper_1/section_2/chapter_4/wfh_oop_exam_questions.png)
