Paper_1/section_1/chapter_4/questions.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Questions | Computer Science
footer: Preprocessed by AutoDocs.preprocess 2.1.1 "indent </details>" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
---

<style>
    :not(ul) + ol {
        counter-reset: list-ctr;
        list-style-type: none;
        list-style-position: outside;
    }
    :not(ul) + ol > li {
        counter-increment: list-ctr;
    }
    :not(ul) + ol > li::before {
        content:"Q" counter(list-ctr) ". ";
        margin-left: -25px;
    }
    ol ul {
        list-style-type: lower-alpha;
    }
    ol ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-roman;
    }
    ul ol {
        list-style-type: circle;
    }
    ul {
        list-style-type: decimal;
    }
    ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-alpha;
    }
    ul ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-roman;
    }
</style>

# Chapter 4

← [Back to Chapter 4](./index.html)

1. CMOS as it does not need to be particularly high quality and needs to have a low power consumption
2. ​
    - Yes - for example [deepfake algorithms](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deepfake) could be used to fool the app.
    - ​
        1. Biometric scanner
        2. NFC / RFID chipping

## Exercises

- ​
    - Microphone
        1. Used in bugs
    - Camera
        1. Used in speed cameras to record registration plates
        1. Used in CCTV to record all activity
    - Radar scanner
        1. Used in handheld speed guns and speed cameras to record vehicle speed
- ​
    - Laser scanner
        1. Scans the barcode
    - Card scanner (chip-and-pin / magnetic strip / RFID reader)
        1. Reads credit/debit cards
    - Touch screen
        1. Provides a GUI to the user and accepts navigational commands

Commit message:

Attempt to fix kramdown weirdness

Paper_1/section_1/chapter_4/questions.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Questions | Computer Science
footer: Preprocessed by AutoDocs.preprocess 2.1.2 "tentative fix for kramdown weirdness" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
---

<style>
    :not(ul) + ol {
        counter-reset: list-ctr;
        list-style-type: none;
        list-style-position: outside;
    }
    :not(ul) + ol > li {
        counter-increment: list-ctr;
    }
    :not(ul) + ol > li::before {
        content:"Q" counter(list-ctr) ". ";
        margin-left: -25px;
    }
    ol ul {
        list-style-type: lower-alpha;
    }
    ol ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-roman;
    }
    ul ol {
        list-style-type: circle;
    }
    ul {
        list-style-type: decimal;
    }
    ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-alpha;
    }
    ul ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-roman;
    }
</style>

# Chapter 4

← [Back to Chapter 4](./index.html)

1. CMOS as it does not need to be particularly high quality and needs to have a low power consumption
2. ​
    - Yes - for example [deepfake algorithms](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deepfake) could be used to fool the app.
    - ​
        1. Biometric scanner
        2. NFC / RFID chipping

## Exercises

- ​
    - Microphone
        1. Used in bugs
    - Camera
        1. Used in speed cameras to record registration plates
        1. Used in CCTV to record all activity
    - Radar scanner
        1. Used in handheld speed guns and speed cameras to record vehicle speed
- ​
    - Laser scanner
        1. Scans the barcode
    - Card scanner (chip-and-pin / magnetic strip / RFID reader)
        1. Reads credit/debit cards
    - Touch screen
        1. Provides a GUI to the user and accepts navigational commands
