Paper_1/section_4/chapter_1/primitive_data_types.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Primitive Data Types | Computer Science
footer: Preprocessed by AutoDocs.preprocess 2.1.1 "indent </details>" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
---

<style>
    :not(ul) + ol {
        counter-reset: list-ctr;
        list-style-type: none;
        list-style-position: outside;
    }
    :not(ul) + ol > li {
        counter-increment: list-ctr;
    }
    :not(ul) + ol > li::before {
        content:"Q" counter(list-ctr) ". ";
        margin-left: -25px;
    }
    ol ul {
        list-style-type: lower-alpha;
    }
    ol ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-roman;
    }
    ul ol {
        list-style-type: circle;
    }
    ul {
        list-style-type: decimal;
    }
    ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-alpha;
    }
    ul ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-roman;
    }
</style>

# Chapter 28

← [Back to Chapter 1](./index.html)

1. 57, 255
2. 0b00100101, 0b01100100
3. 0b10100111
4. 0xFF
5. 0x25, 0x64
6. 0b00111011, 0b00010100

## Exercises

- ​
    - String
    - Char
    - Float
    - Int
    - Bool
- 0b01111011
- 256
- 0x7B
- Hex is shorter and therefore easier to read and remember for humans, while relating directly to the bit patterns they represent
- 167
- 0xA7
- 218

Commit message:

Attempt to fix kramdown weirdness

Paper_1/section_4/chapter_1/primitive_data_types.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Primitive Data Types | Computer Science
footer: Preprocessed by AutoDocs.preprocess 2.1.2 "tentative fix for kramdown weirdness" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
---

<style>
    :not(ul) + ol {
        counter-reset: list-ctr;
        list-style-type: none;
        list-style-position: outside;
    }
    :not(ul) + ol > li {
        counter-increment: list-ctr;
    }
    :not(ul) + ol > li::before {
        content:"Q" counter(list-ctr) ". ";
        margin-left: -25px;
    }
    ol ul {
        list-style-type: lower-alpha;
    }
    ol ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-roman;
    }
    ul ol {
        list-style-type: circle;
    }
    ul {
        list-style-type: decimal;
    }
    ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-alpha;
    }
    ul ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-roman;
    }
</style>

# Chapter 28

← [Back to Chapter 1](./index.html)

1. 57, 255
2. 0b00100101, 0b01100100
3. 0b10100111
4. 0xFF
5. 0x25, 0x64
6. 0b00111011, 0b00010100

## Exercises

- ​
    - String
    - Char
    - Float
    - Int
    - Bool
- 0b01111011
- 256
- 0x7B
- Hex is shorter and therefore easier to read and remember for humans, while relating directly to the bit patterns they represent
- 167
- 0xA7
- 218
