Paper_1/section_1/chapter_5/questions.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Questions | Computer Science
footer: Preprocessed by AutoDocs.preprocess 2.0.5 "dumb gitignore handling is gone?" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
---

<style>
    :not(ul) > ol {
        counter-reset: list-ctr;
        list-style-type: none;
        list-style-position: outside;
    }
    :not(ul) > ol > li {
        counter-increment: list-ctr;
    }
    :not(ul) > ol > li::before {
        content:"Q" counter(list-ctr) ". ";
        margin-left: -25.5px;
    }
    ol ol {
        list-style-type: circle;
    }
    ol ol > li::before{
        content: none;
        margin-left: default;
    }
    ol ul {
        list-style-type: lower-alpha;
    }
    ol ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-roman;
    }
    ul ol {
        list-style-type: circle;
    }
    ul {
        list-style-type: decimal;
    }
    ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-alpha;
    }
    ul ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-roman;
    }
</style>

# Chapter 5

← [Back to Chapter 5](./index.html)

1.
    1. It saves ink or paper, due to the removal of the need to write on physical objects
    2. It allows for displays on any surface, even patterned or curved ones, regardless of the material
2.
    1. Playing music
    2. Reading text (for accessibilty)
    3. Feedback

## Exercises

- ​
    - ​
        - It allows the students to interact with the software
        - It displays the audiovisual feedback to the students
    - ​
        - It displays the information in a more interesting way for the students
        - It makes the overall experience more engaging for the students and allows them to choose what they want to study
- ​
    - Dot matrix as it strikes the paper, making printing on multipart paper easer and enables carbon copies to work properly
    - Laser as it is high-quality and high-speed; it is highly efficient for printing large quantities
    - Inkjet as it has extremely high DPI compared to equivalent-price laser printers and because of this can produce photorealistic prints
- LCD, as it is low-power - meaning it can operate on the plane for hundreds of seats, without increasing the fuel requirement to an unreasonable amount - consider the tyranny of the rocket equation

Commit message:

Fix name of root directory

Paper_1/section_1/chapter_5/questions.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Questions | Computer Science
footer: Preprocessed by AutoDocs.preprocess 2.0.6 "fix name of root directory" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
---

<style>
    :not(ul) > ol {
        counter-reset: list-ctr;
        list-style-type: none;
        list-style-position: outside;
    }
    :not(ul) > ol > li {
        counter-increment: list-ctr;
    }
    :not(ul) > ol > li::before {
        content:"Q" counter(list-ctr) ". ";
        margin-left: -25.5px;
    }
    ol ol {
        list-style-type: circle;
    }
    ol ol > li::before{
        content: none;
        margin-left: default;
    }
    ol ul {
        list-style-type: lower-alpha;
    }
    ol ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-roman;
    }
    ul ol {
        list-style-type: circle;
    }
    ul {
        list-style-type: decimal;
    }
    ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-alpha;
    }
    ul ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-roman;
    }
</style>

# Chapter 5

← [Back to Chapter 5](./index.html)

1.
    1. It saves ink or paper, due to the removal of the need to write on physical objects
    2. It allows for displays on any surface, even patterned or curved ones, regardless of the material
2.
    1. Playing music
    2. Reading text (for accessibilty)
    3. Feedback

## Exercises

- ​
    - ​
        - It allows the students to interact with the software
        - It displays the audiovisual feedback to the students
    - ​
        - It displays the information in a more interesting way for the students
        - It makes the overall experience more engaging for the students and allows them to choose what they want to study
- ​
    - Dot matrix as it strikes the paper, making printing on multipart paper easer and enables carbon copies to work properly
    - Laser as it is high-quality and high-speed; it is highly efficient for printing large quantities
    - Inkjet as it has extremely high DPI compared to equivalent-price laser printers and because of this can produce photorealistic prints
- LCD, as it is low-power - meaning it can operate on the plane for hundreds of seats, without increasing the fuel requirement to an unreasonable amount - consider the tyranny of the rocket equation
