Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/03._lmc_questions.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: 03. Lmc Questions | Computer Science
footer: Preprocessed by AutoDocs.preprocess 2.0.5 "dumb gitignore handling is gone?" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
---

# LMC Questions

```diff
+ Please highlight your answers in 'amend' questions
```

1. Amend the following program so that it adds together three numbers:
   ```diff
   ~         INP
   ~         STA Num1
   ~         INP
   ~         ADD Num1
   +         STA Num1
   +         INP
   +         ADD Num1
   ~         OUT
   ~ Num1    DAT
   ```
2. Write a program that takes in 2 numbers and subtracts the second from the first:
   ```lmc
           INP
           STA 0
           INP
           SUB 0
           OUT
   ```
3. Write a program that outputs the larger of two numbers:
   ```lmc
           INP
           STA 0
           INP
           SUB 0
           BRP 8
           LDA 0
           OUT
           HLT
           ADD 0
           OUT
   ```
4. BRZ branches when 0 is stored in the accumulator.  
   Write a program that takes in two numbers and outputs 1 if they are the same, and 0 if they are different.
   ```lmc
           INP
           STA 0
           INP
           SUB 0
           BRZ 9
           LDA 7
           OUT
           HLT
           DAT 1
           LDA 8
           OUT
   ```

Commit message:

Fix name of root directory

Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/03._lmc_questions.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: 03. Lmc Questions | Computer Science
footer: Preprocessed by AutoDocs.preprocess 2.0.6 "fix name of root directory" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
---

# LMC Questions

```diff
+ Please highlight your answers in 'amend' questions
```

1. Amend the following program so that it adds together three numbers:
   ```diff
   ~         INP
   ~         STA Num1
   ~         INP
   ~         ADD Num1
   +         STA Num1
   +         INP
   +         ADD Num1
   ~         OUT
   ~ Num1    DAT
   ```
2. Write a program that takes in 2 numbers and subtracts the second from the first:
   ```lmc
           INP
           STA 0
           INP
           SUB 0
           OUT
   ```
3. Write a program that outputs the larger of two numbers:
   ```lmc
           INP
           STA 0
           INP
           SUB 0
           BRP 8
           LDA 0
           OUT
           HLT
           ADD 0
           OUT
   ```
4. BRZ branches when 0 is stored in the accumulator.  
   Write a program that takes in two numbers and outputs 1 if they are the same, and 0 if they are different.
   ```lmc
           INP
           STA 0
           INP
           SUB 0
           BRZ 9
           LDA 7
           OUT
           HLT
           DAT 1
           LDA 8
           OUT
   ```
