Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04._lmc_advanced.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: 04. Lmc Advanced | Computer Science
footer: Preprocessed by AutoDocs.preprocess 2.1.1 "indent </details>" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
---

# LMC advanced

## Advanced Challenge 1

Ask the user for a big number, then a small number. Using only a **BRP**, to **loop** round, keep subtracting the smaller number until you get past zero, then output the result.

```lmc
// Ask the user for a big number, then a small number. Using only a BRP to loop round, keep subtracting the smaller number until you get past zero, then output the result.
        INP
        STA 0
        INP
        STA 1
        LDA 0
        BRP 8
        // how dare you, don't enter a negative number :(
        OUT
        HLT
        SUB 1
        BRP 8
        OUT
// https://asciinema.org/a/s7Ol5SNffDrbBNmI8g2nO6r7P
```

[View the playback [asciinema.org]](https://asciinema.org/a/s7Ol5SNffDrbBNmI8g2nO6r7P)

## Advanced Challenge 2

To declare a **constant** you need to write it like this:  
`one DAT 1` (this will give the variable `one` the value 1 and it will not change).  
Using this, add to your previous program to count the number of times you can successfully subtract the smaller number.

```lmc
// To declare a constant you need to write it like this:
// one DAT 1 (this will give the variable one the value 1 and it will not change).
// Using this, add to your previous program to count the number of times you can successfully subtract the smaller number.
        INP
        STA 0
        INP
        STA 1
        LDA 0
        BRP 11
        // how dare you, don't enter a negative number :(
        OUT
        LDA 9
        OUT
        HLT
        DAT 1
        SUB 1
        STA 0
        LDA 9
        ADD 10
        STA 9
        LDA 0
        BRP 11
        OUT
        LDA 9
        SUB 10 // this is due to an off-by-one error
        OUT
// https://asciinema.org/a/iK7S5ZcfNq3ly6okXMqBDfGxw
```

[View the playback [asciinema.org]](https://asciinema.org/a/iK7S5ZcfNq3ly6okXMqBDfGxw)

Commit message:

Attempt to fix kramdown weirdness

Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04._lmc_advanced.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: 04. Lmc Advanced | Computer Science
footer: Preprocessed by AutoDocs.preprocess 2.1.2 "tentative fix for kramdown weirdness" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
---

# LMC advanced

## Advanced Challenge 1

Ask the user for a big number, then a small number. Using only a **BRP**, to **loop** round, keep subtracting the smaller number until you get past zero, then output the result.

```lmc
// Ask the user for a big number, then a small number. Using only a BRP to loop round, keep subtracting the smaller number until you get past zero, then output the result.
        INP
        STA 0
        INP
        STA 1
        LDA 0
        BRP 8
        // how dare you, don't enter a negative number :(
        OUT
        HLT
        SUB 1
        BRP 8
        OUT
// https://asciinema.org/a/s7Ol5SNffDrbBNmI8g2nO6r7P
```

[View the playback [asciinema.org]](https://asciinema.org/a/s7Ol5SNffDrbBNmI8g2nO6r7P)

## Advanced Challenge 2

To declare a **constant** you need to write it like this:  
`one DAT 1` (this will give the variable `one` the value 1 and it will not change).  
Using this, add to your previous program to count the number of times you can successfully subtract the smaller number.

```lmc
// To declare a constant you need to write it like this:
// one DAT 1 (this will give the variable one the value 1 and it will not change).
// Using this, add to your previous program to count the number of times you can successfully subtract the smaller number.
        INP
        STA 0
        INP
        STA 1
        LDA 0
        BRP 11
        // how dare you, don't enter a negative number :(
        OUT
        LDA 9
        OUT
        HLT
        DAT 1
        SUB 1
        STA 0
        LDA 9
        ADD 10
        STA 9
        LDA 0
        BRP 11
        OUT
        LDA 9
        SUB 10 // this is due to an off-by-one error
        OUT
// https://asciinema.org/a/iK7S5ZcfNq3ly6okXMqBDfGxw
```

[View the playback [asciinema.org]](https://asciinema.org/a/iK7S5ZcfNq3ly6okXMqBDfGxw)
