Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/05._lmc_questions.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: 05. Lmc Questions | Computer Science
footer: Preprocessed by AutoDocs.preprocess 2.1.1 "indent </details>" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
---

# LMC Questions

1. Describe what this code does: (*don't just walk through the code, describe what the code does - you could get a question like this in the exam and a lot of students get it wrong by just walking through the code line by line*).

    ```lmc
            INP
            STA times
    loop    LDA times
            SUB count
            BRZ end
            LDA count
            ADD one
            STA count
            OUT times
            BRA loop
    end     HLT
    count   DAT 0
    times   DAT
    one     DAT 1
    ```

    This code does not work. `OUT times` is an invalid instruction. Assuming the following code is meant:

    ```lmc
            INP
            STA times
    loop    LDA times
            SUB count
            BRZ end
            LDA count
            ADD one
            STA count
            LDA times
            OUT
            BRA loop
    end     HLT
    count   DAT 0
    times   DAT
    one     DAT 1
    ```

    Then the purpose of the code is to input a number, then print that number that many times, or none if the number is negative.
2. Rewrite the code so that the program does exactly the same, but this time using only `BRP`, and not `BRZ` or `BRA`.

    ```lmc
            INP
            STA 0
            SUB 5
            SUB 14
            BRP 6 // check that times - count > 0
            HLT   // the check is performed first to
            LDA 0 // guarantee identical behaviour
            OUT   // for non-positive inputs
            LDA 5
            ADD 14
            STA 5
            LDA 0
            BRP 2
            HLT
            DAT 1
    ```

Commit message:

Attempt to fix kramdown weirdness

Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/05._lmc_questions.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: 05. Lmc Questions | Computer Science
footer: Preprocessed by AutoDocs.preprocess 2.1.2 "tentative fix for kramdown weirdness" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
---

# LMC Questions

1. Describe what this code does: (*don't just walk through the code, describe what the code does - you could get a question like this in the exam and a lot of students get it wrong by just walking through the code line by line*).

    ```lmc
            INP
            STA times
    loop    LDA times
            SUB count
            BRZ end
            LDA count
            ADD one
            STA count
            OUT times
            BRA loop
    end     HLT
    count   DAT 0
    times   DAT
    one     DAT 1
    ```

    This code does not work. `OUT times` is an invalid instruction. Assuming the following code is meant:

    ```lmc
            INP
            STA times
    loop    LDA times
            SUB count
            BRZ end
            LDA count
            ADD one
            STA count
            LDA times
            OUT
            BRA loop
    end     HLT
    count   DAT 0
    times   DAT
    one     DAT 1
    ```

    Then the purpose of the code is to input a number, then print that number that many times, or none if the number is negative.
2. Rewrite the code so that the program does exactly the same, but this time using only `BRP`, and not `BRZ` or `BRA`.

    ```lmc
            INP
            STA 0
            SUB 5
            SUB 14
            BRP 6 // check that times - count > 0
            HLT   // the check is performed first to
            LDA 0 // guarantee identical behaviour
            OUT   // for non-positive inputs
            LDA 5
            ADD 14
            STA 5
            LDA 0
            BRP 2
            HLT
            DAT 1
    ```
