Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/index.md, before:

---
layout: index_template
footer: Generated by AutoDocs.index version 2.0.5 "dumb gitignore handling is gone?" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
title: Index of Week 4 | Computer Science
---

# Week 4

← [Back to Week 4](..)

- [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 03._lmc_questions](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/03._lmc_questions.md)
- [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 04._lmc_advanced](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04._lmc_advanced.md)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) 04_ac1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04_ac1.lmc)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) 04_ac2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04_ac2.lmc)
- [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 05._lmc_questions](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/05._lmc_questions.md)
- [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) lmc_questions_feedback](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/lmc_questions_feedback.md)

Commit message:

Fix name of root directory

Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/index.md, after:

---
layout: index_template
footer: Generated by AutoDocs.index version 2.0.6 "fix name of root directory" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
title: Index of Week 4 | Computer Science
---

# Week 4

← [Back to Week 4](..)

- [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 03._lmc_questions](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/03._lmc_questions.md)
- [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 04._lmc_advanced](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04._lmc_advanced.md)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) 04_ac1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04_ac1.lmc)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) 04_ac2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04_ac2.lmc)
- [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 05._lmc_questions](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/05._lmc_questions.md)
- [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) lmc_questions_feedback](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/lmc_questions_feedback.md)
