Paper_2/section_1/index.md, before:

---
layout: index_template
footer: Generated by AutoDocs.index version 2.0.5 "dumb gitignore handling is gone?" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
title: Index of Section 1 | Computer Science
---

# Section 1

← [Back to Section 1](..)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_1](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_1)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) thinking_abstractly](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_1/thinking_abstractly.md)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_2](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_2)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) thinking_ahead](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_2/thinking_ahead.md)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_3](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_3)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) thinking_procedurally](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_3/thinking_procedurally.md)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_4](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_4)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) thinking_logically](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_4/thinking_logically.md)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_5](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_5)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) thinking_concurrently](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_5/thinking_concurrently.md)

Commit message:

Fix name of root directory

Paper_2/section_1/index.md, after:

---
layout: index_template
footer: Generated by AutoDocs.index version 2.0.6 "fix name of root directory" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
title: Index of Section 1 | Computer Science
---

# Section 1

← [Back to Section 1](..)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_1](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_1)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) thinking_abstractly](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_1/thinking_abstractly.md)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_2](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_2)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) thinking_ahead](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_2/thinking_ahead.md)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_3](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_3)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) thinking_procedurally](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_3/thinking_procedurally.md)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_4](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_4)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) thinking_logically](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_4/thinking_logically.md)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_5](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_5)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) thinking_concurrently](Paper_2/section_1/chapter_5/thinking_concurrently.md)
