Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/index.md, before:

---
layout: index_template
footer: Generated by AutoDocs.index version 2.1.1 "indent </details>" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
title: Index of Week 3 | Computer Science
---

# Week 3

← [Back to Week 3](..)

- [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/bb86fc/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_1.gif)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_1.lmc)
- [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/bb86fc/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_2.gif)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_2.lmc)
- [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/bb86fc/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_3.gif)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_3.lmc)
- [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/bb86fc/regular-document.png) lmc_tasks](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/lmc_tasks.md)
- [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/bb86fc/image-document.png) simple_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_1.gif)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_1.lmc)
- [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/bb86fc/image-document.png) simple_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_2.gif)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_2.lmc)
- [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/bb86fc/image-document.png) simple_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_3.gif)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_3.lmc)

Commit message:

Attempt to fix kramdown weirdness

Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/index.md, after:

---
layout: index_template
footer: Generated by AutoDocs.index version 2.1.2 "tentative fix for kramdown weirdness" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
title: Index of Week 3 | Computer Science
---

# Week 3

← [Back to Week 3](..)

- [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/bb86fc/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_1.gif)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_1.lmc)
- [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/bb86fc/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_2.gif)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_2.lmc)
- [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/bb86fc/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_3.gif)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_3.lmc)
- [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/bb86fc/regular-document.png) lmc_tasks](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/lmc_tasks.md)
- [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/bb86fc/image-document.png) simple_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_1.gif)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_1.lmc)
- [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/bb86fc/image-document.png) simple_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_2.gif)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_2.lmc)
- [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/bb86fc/image-document.png) simple_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_3.gif)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_3.lmc)
