Paper_1/section_2/chapter_2/nature_of_applications.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Nature Of Applications | Computer Science
footer: Preprocessed by AutoDocs.preprocess 2.0.5 "dumb gitignore handling is gone?" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
---

<style>
    :not(ul) + ol {
        counter-reset: list-ctr;
        list-style-type: none;
        list-style-position: outside;
    }
    :not(ul) + ol > li {
        counter-increment: list-ctr;
    }
    :not(ul) + ol > li::before {
        content:"Q" counter(list-ctr) ". ";
        margin-left: -25px;
    }
    ol ul {
        list-style-type: lower-alpha;
    }
    ol ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-roman;
    }
    ul ol, ol ol {
        list-style-type: circle;
    }
    ul {
        list-style-type: decimal;
    }
    ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-alpha;
    }
    ul ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-roman;
    }
</style>

# Chapter 9

← [Back to Chapter 2](./index.html)

1. Open source operating system: Linux Kernel
   Open source word processor: LibreOffice Write
2. &#x200b;
   - &#x200b;
     1. Cost of software
     2. Ability to insert special items e.g. formulae
   - &#x200b;
     1. Suitability for purpose
     2. Ability to run on hardware available

## Exercises

- &#x200b;
  - &#x200b;
    - Software used to run the system and its applications
    - Software that performs an operation for the user
  - &#x200b;
    - Ubuntu (distribution of Linux)
    - Visual Studio Code (with which I am creating this file)
- | Software                                                                    | Category                             |
  | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ |
  | Firewall software installed on the web server                               | Utility software                     |
  | Store's own online ordering system designed for their products and systems  | Bespoke software                     |
  | Graphics software to crop product images suitable for uploading to the site | General purpose application software |
  | Online payment verification software                                        | Special-purpose software             |
- &#x200b;
  1. As it has already been made, the cost will be shared between all the users; and therefore will be cheaper to purchase
  2. It will have been well-tested meaning that there will be fewer bugs
  3. It has been made already and therefore can be installed immediately
- &#x200b;
  - Compression software is used to reduce the size of files on disk. The student will use this to compress his project work files, as well as his music and video
  - Anti-virus software is used to protect a computer from malware. The student would use this to prevent his computer from being infected via the internet, or disinfect his computer after a security breach
  - A backup utility is used to create full or incremental backups of every file on a user's computer. The student could use this to recover his project work following a huge mistake, or theft/loss/damage of his PC

Commit message:

Fix name of root directory

Paper_1/section_2/chapter_2/nature_of_applications.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Nature Of Applications | Computer Science
footer: Preprocessed by AutoDocs.preprocess 2.0.6 "fix name of root directory" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
---

<style>
    :not(ul) + ol {
        counter-reset: list-ctr;
        list-style-type: none;
        list-style-position: outside;
    }
    :not(ul) + ol > li {
        counter-increment: list-ctr;
    }
    :not(ul) + ol > li::before {
        content:"Q" counter(list-ctr) ". ";
        margin-left: -25px;
    }
    ol ul {
        list-style-type: lower-alpha;
    }
    ol ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-roman;
    }
    ul ol, ol ol {
        list-style-type: circle;
    }
    ul {
        list-style-type: decimal;
    }
    ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-alpha;
    }
    ul ul ul {
        list-style-type: lower-roman;
    }
</style>

# Chapter 9

← [Back to Chapter 2](./index.html)

1. Open source operating system: Linux Kernel
   Open source word processor: LibreOffice Write
2. &#x200b;
   - &#x200b;
     1. Cost of software
     2. Ability to insert special items e.g. formulae
   - &#x200b;
     1. Suitability for purpose
     2. Ability to run on hardware available

## Exercises

- &#x200b;
  - &#x200b;
    - Software used to run the system and its applications
    - Software that performs an operation for the user
  - &#x200b;
    - Ubuntu (distribution of Linux)
    - Visual Studio Code (with which I am creating this file)
- | Software                                                                    | Category                             |
  | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ |
  | Firewall software installed on the web server                               | Utility software                     |
  | Store's own online ordering system designed for their products and systems  | Bespoke software                     |
  | Graphics software to crop product images suitable for uploading to the site | General purpose application software |
  | Online payment verification software                                        | Special-purpose software             |
- &#x200b;
  1. As it has already been made, the cost will be shared between all the users; and therefore will be cheaper to purchase
  2. It will have been well-tested meaning that there will be fewer bugs
  3. It has been made already and therefore can be installed immediately
- &#x200b;
  - Compression software is used to reduce the size of files on disk. The student will use this to compress his project work files, as well as his music and video
  - Anti-virus software is used to protect a computer from malware. The student would use this to prevent his computer from being infected via the internet, or disinfect his computer after a security breach
  - A backup utility is used to create full or incremental backups of every file on a user's computer. The student could use this to recover his project work following a huge mistake, or theft/loss/damage of his PC
