Paper_1/exam_questions/2020_02_06.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: 2020 02 06 | Computer Science
footer: Preprocessed by AutoDocs.preprocess 2.0.5 "dumb gitignore handling is gone?" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
---

<style type="text/css">
    ol ol {
        list-style-type: lower-alpha;
    }
    ol ol ol {
        list-style-type: lower-roman;
    }
</style>

# Exam questions (done on 06/02/20)

← [Back to Exam Questions](./index.html)

1. A business plans to set up a new payroll system which stores data about employees. The system will allow payslips to be crated each month.
    1. Choose a suitable input devide for entering data insto the system and justify your choice [2 marks]
        - Keyboard. Keyboards allow the entering of text and numbers and therefore are a good choice as they allow entering employee names and pay
    2. Choose a suitable output device for producing the payslips [2 marks]
        - Printer. It allows electronic data to be written directly to physical media in a format readable by humans
    3. Select a suitable method of backing up the payroll data and justify your choise [2 marks]
        - Backup onto Hard Disk Drives, followed by magnetic tape at the end of the year. Hard Disk Drives provide easy reading of the data when it might still be needed due to their direct access, and have moderate capacity. Magnetic tape has extremely high capacity, but are inconvenient to read as they have serial access - and therefore are only useful for backups or linear data streams.
2. A local supermarket uses an automated checkout system to sales as customers go through the checkouts
    1. Give an example of an input device that is used as part of this system and one item of data that it might capture [2 marks]
        - Barcode scanner
        - Barcode on a pizza
    2. Identify an output that the customer will be aware of [1 mark]
        - Screen

Commit message:

Fix name of root directory

Paper_1/exam_questions/2020_02_06.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: 2020 02 06 | Computer Science
footer: Preprocessed by AutoDocs.preprocess 2.0.6 "fix name of root directory" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
---

<style type="text/css">
    ol ol {
        list-style-type: lower-alpha;
    }
    ol ol ol {
        list-style-type: lower-roman;
    }
</style>

# Exam questions (done on 06/02/20)

← [Back to Exam Questions](./index.html)

1. A business plans to set up a new payroll system which stores data about employees. The system will allow payslips to be crated each month.
    1. Choose a suitable input devide for entering data insto the system and justify your choice [2 marks]
        - Keyboard. Keyboards allow the entering of text and numbers and therefore are a good choice as they allow entering employee names and pay
    2. Choose a suitable output device for producing the payslips [2 marks]
        - Printer. It allows electronic data to be written directly to physical media in a format readable by humans
    3. Select a suitable method of backing up the payroll data and justify your choise [2 marks]
        - Backup onto Hard Disk Drives, followed by magnetic tape at the end of the year. Hard Disk Drives provide easy reading of the data when it might still be needed due to their direct access, and have moderate capacity. Magnetic tape has extremely high capacity, but are inconvenient to read as they have serial access - and therefore are only useful for backups or linear data streams.
2. A local supermarket uses an automated checkout system to sales as customers go through the checkouts
    1. Give an example of an input device that is used as part of this system and one item of data that it might capture [2 marks]
        - Barcode scanner
        - Barcode on a pizza
    2. Identify an output that the customer will be aware of [1 mark]
        - Screen
