Paper_1/lmc/index.md, before:

---
layout: index_template
footer: Generated by AutoDocs.index version 2.0.5 "dumb gitignore handling is gone?" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
title: Index of Lmc | Computer Science
---

# Lmc

← [Back to Lmc](..)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) wfh](Paper_1/lmc/wfh)
  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) term_5](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5)
    - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) week_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3)
      - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_1.gif)
      - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_1.lmc)
      - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_2.gif)
      - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_2.lmc)
      - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_3.gif)
      - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_3.lmc)
      - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) lmc_tasks](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/lmc_tasks.md)
      - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) simple_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_1.gif)
      - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_1.lmc)
      - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) simple_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_2.gif)
      - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_2.lmc)
      - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) simple_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_3.gif)
      - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_3.lmc)

    - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) week_4](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4)
      - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 03._lmc_questions](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/03._lmc_questions.md)
      - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 04._lmc_advanced](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04._lmc_advanced.md)
      - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) 04_ac1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04_ac1.lmc)
      - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) 04_ac2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04_ac2.lmc)
      - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 05._lmc_questions](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/05._lmc_questions.md)
      - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) lmc_questions_feedback](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/lmc_questions_feedback.md)



- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) advanced_tasks](Paper_1/lmc/advanced_tasks.lmc)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) beginner_tasks](Paper_1/lmc/beginner_tasks.lmc)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) bundled_interpreter](Paper_1/lmc/bundled_interpreter.py)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) difference](Paper_1/lmc/difference.lmc)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) equality](Paper_1/lmc/equality.lmc)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) inputting_and_storing_numbers](Paper_1/lmc/inputting_and_storing_numbers.lmc)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) interpreter](Paper_1/lmc/interpreter.py)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) medium_tasks](Paper_1/lmc/medium_tasks.lmc)
- [![ file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/binary-file.png) render_concept](Paper_1/lmc/render_concept)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) render_lmc_computer](Paper_1/lmc/render_lmc_computer.py)
- [![ file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/binary-file.png) render_template](Paper_1/lmc/render_template)

Commit message:

Fix name of root directory

Paper_1/lmc/index.md, after:

---
layout: index_template
footer: Generated by AutoDocs.index version 2.0.6 "fix name of root directory" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
title: Index of Lmc | Computer Science
---

# Lmc

← [Back to Lmc](..)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) wfh](Paper_1/lmc/wfh)
  - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) term_5](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5)
    - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) week_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3)
      - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_1.gif)
      - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_1.lmc)
      - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_2.gif)
      - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_2.lmc)
      - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) intermediate_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_3.gif)
      - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) intermediate_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/intermediate_challenge_3.lmc)
      - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) lmc_tasks](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/lmc_tasks.md)
      - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) simple_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_1.gif)
      - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_1.lmc)
      - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) simple_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_2.gif)
      - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_2.lmc)
      - [![GIF file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) simple_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_3.gif)
      - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) simple_challenge_3](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_3/simple_challenge_3.lmc)

    - [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) week_4](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4)
      - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 03._lmc_questions](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/03._lmc_questions.md)
      - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 04._lmc_advanced](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04._lmc_advanced.md)
      - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) 04_ac1](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04_ac1.lmc)
      - [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) 04_ac2](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/04_ac2.lmc)
      - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) 05._lmc_questions](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/05._lmc_questions.md)
      - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) lmc_questions_feedback](Paper_1/lmc/wfh/term_5/week_4/lmc_questions_feedback.md)



- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) advanced_tasks](Paper_1/lmc/advanced_tasks.lmc)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) beginner_tasks](Paper_1/lmc/beginner_tasks.lmc)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) bundled_interpreter](Paper_1/lmc/bundled_interpreter.py)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) difference](Paper_1/lmc/difference.lmc)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) equality](Paper_1/lmc/equality.lmc)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) inputting_and_storing_numbers](Paper_1/lmc/inputting_and_storing_numbers.lmc)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) interpreter](Paper_1/lmc/interpreter.py)
- [![LMC file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-lmc.png) medium_tasks](Paper_1/lmc/medium_tasks.lmc)
- [![ file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/binary-file.png) render_concept](Paper_1/lmc/render_concept)
- [![PY file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/py.png) render_lmc_computer](Paper_1/lmc/render_lmc_computer.py)
- [![ file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/binary-file.png) render_template](Paper_1/lmc/render_template)
