Paper_1/section_4/index.md, before:

---
layout: index_template
footer: Generated by AutoDocs.index version 2.0.5 "dumb gitignore handling is gone?" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
title: Index of Section 4 | Computer Science
---

# Section 4

← [Back to Section 4](..)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_1](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_1)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) character_sets](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_1/character_sets.md)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) primitive_data_types](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_1/primitive_data_types.md)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_2](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) data_structures](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/data_structures.md)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) definitions](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/definitions.md)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) lists_and_linked_lists](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/lists_and_linked_lists.md)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) queues](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/queues.md)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) stacks](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/stacks.md)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_3](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_3)
  - [![PNG file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) gates](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_3/gates.png)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) logic_gates](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_3/logic_gates.md)

Commit message:

Fix name of root directory

Paper_1/section_4/index.md, after:

---
layout: index_template
footer: Generated by AutoDocs.index version 2.0.6 "fix name of root directory" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
title: Index of Section 4 | Computer Science
---

# Section 4

← [Back to Section 4](..)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_1](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_1)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) character_sets](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_1/character_sets.md)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) primitive_data_types](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_1/primitive_data_types.md)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_2](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) data_structures](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/data_structures.md)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) definitions](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/definitions.md)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) lists_and_linked_lists](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/lists_and_linked_lists.md)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) queues](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/queues.md)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) stacks](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_2/stacks.md)

- [![Folder](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-folder.png) chapter_3](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_3)
  - [![PNG file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/image-document.png) gates](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_3/gates.png)
  - [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) logic_gates](Paper_1/section_4/chapter_3/logic_gates.md)
