Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/index.md, before:

---
layout: index_template
footer: Generated by AutoDocs.index version 2.0.5 "dumb gitignore handling is gone?" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
title: Index of Chapter 1 | Computer Science
---

# Chapter 1

← [Back to Chapter 1](..)

- [![CLANG-FORMAT file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/file-configuration.png) clang-format](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/.clang-format)
- [![ file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/binary-file.png) main_and_function](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/main_and_function)
- [![C file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/c.png) main_and_function](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/main_and_function.c)
- [![OCRPSC file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/code-file.png) main_and_function](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/main_and_function.ocrpsc)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) main_and_function](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/main_and_function.splw)
- [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) programming_techniques](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/programming_techniques.md)
- [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) recursion](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/recursion.md)
- [![C file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/c.png) sub_programs](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/sub_programs.c)
- [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) sub_programs](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/sub_programs.md)

Commit message:

Fix name of root directory

Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/index.md, after:

---
layout: index_template
footer: Generated by AutoDocs.index version 2.0.6 "fix name of root directory" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
title: Index of Chapter 1 | Computer Science
---

# Chapter 1

← [Back to Chapter 1](..)

- [![CLANG-FORMAT file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/file-configuration.png) clang-format](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/.clang-format)
- [![ file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/binary-file.png) main_and_function](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/main_and_function)
- [![C file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/c.png) main_and_function](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/main_and_function.c)
- [![OCRPSC file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/code-file.png) main_and_function](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/main_and_function.ocrpsc)
- [![SPLW file](https://starwort.github.io/computer-science/icon-splw.png) main_and_function](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/main_and_function.splw)
- [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) programming_techniques](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/programming_techniques.md)
- [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) recursion](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/recursion.md)
- [![C file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/c.png) sub_programs](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/sub_programs.c)
- [![MD file](https://img.icons8.com/windows/512/4a90e2/regular-document.png) sub_programs](Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/sub_programs.md)
