Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/sub_programs.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Sub Programs | Computer Science
footer: Preprocessed by AutoDocs.preprocess 2.1.1 "indent </details>" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
---

# Sub Programs Activities

← [Back to Chapter 1](./index.html)

## Constructs

1. ```psc
    global choice
    global cm
    global inches

    procedure main()
        while True // iteration/loop
            menu()
    endprocedure

    procedure menu()
        print(“1. cm to inches”)
        print(“2. inches to cm”)
        print(“3. Quit”)
        choice = 0
        while choice < 1 or choice > 3
            choice = input(“Enter choice”)
            if choice == "1" then // branching/selection
                cm_to_in()
            elseif choice == "2" then
                in_to_cm()
            else
                quit()
    endprocedure

    procedure cm_to_in()
        cm = input("Enter cm: ") // sequence
        inches = cm * 0.393700787
        print (inches&" inches")
    endprocedure

    procedure in_to_cm()
        inches = input("Enter inches: ")
        cm = inches * 2.54
        print (cm&" cm")
    endprocedure
    ```

2. [above]
3. `for i in {0..25}`
4. `while i != 3.14`
5. When the number of iterations needed is known
6. When the setup for the loop is the same as the body of the loop

## Global and Local variables

1. ```c
    #include <stdbool.h>
    #include <stdio.h>

    int main() {
        while (true) {
            printf("1. cm -> in\n2. in -> cm\n3. Quit\n>>> ");
            int input = getchar() - '0';
            switch (input) {
            case 1:
                double user_length;
                printf("\nEnter length in cm\n>>> ");
                scanf("%d", &user_length);
                user_length *= 0.393700787;
                printf("\n%.2d inches\n");
                break;
            case 2:
                double user_length;
                printf("\nEnter length in inches\n>>> ");
                scanf("%d", &user_length);
                user_length *= 2.54;
                printf("\n%.2d cm\n");
                break;
            case 3:
                return 0;
            default:
                printf("\nInvalid selection.\n");
            }
        }
    }
    ```

2. &#x200b;
    - Global variables are variables that are accessible from any part of the program.
    - Local variables are variables that are only accessible from the scope they are defined in (or any sub-scope)
    - Scopes are blocks of code with access to a specific set of variables. In Python, only functions and classes create their own scopes. In JavaScript, any pair of curly braces (`{}`) can create its own scope - but only variables created with `let` obey this.
    - Scope and local variables can be used to minimise the memory access dangers within your program - preventing unexpected changes to a value due to a subroutine overwriting it - however globals can be used to reduce nesting call parameters - if a function at the bottom of the call stack requires a parameter in order to localise the parameter it must be passed to or generated by the functions leading to it

## Parameter passing by value and by reference

### Passing by reference

```c
#include <stdio.h>

int substract_deductions(int pay, int percent) {
    return (pay * percent) / 100;
}

void calculate_pay(int *pay) {
    *pay = *pay - subtract_deductions(pay, 22);
}

int main() {
    int pay = 2000;
    calculate_pay(&pay);
    printf("%i\n", pay);
    return 0;
}
```

```c
#include <stdio.h>

int substract_deductions(int pay, int percent) {
    return (pay * percent) / 100;
}

void calculate_pay(int pay) {
    pay = pay - subtract_deductions(pay, 22);
}

int main() {
    int pay = 2000;
    calculate_pay(&pay);
    printf("%i\n", pay);
    return 0;
}
```

- Program 1 runs as follows:
- [entering main]
  - `pay` = 2000
  - [entering calculate_pay]
    - [entering subtract_deductions]
      - Calculate `2000 * 22 / 100` (440)
      - Return 440
    - Calculate `2000 - 440` (1560)
    - `pay` = 1560
  - [`pay` = 1560]
  - Print `pay` (1560)
  - Return 0
- Program 2 runs as follows:
- [entering main]
  - `pay` = 2000
  - [entering calculate_pay]
    - [entering subtract_deductions]
      - Calculate `2000 * 22 / 100` (440)
      - Return 440
    - Calculate `2000 - 440` (1560)
    - `pay` = 1560
  - [`pay` = 2000]
  - Print `pay` (2000)
  - Return 0

Commit message:

Attempt to fix kramdown weirdness

Paper_2/section_2/chapter_1/sub_programs.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Sub Programs | Computer Science
footer: Preprocessed by AutoDocs.preprocess 2.1.2 "tentative fix for kramdown weirdness" ⓒ Starwort, 2020
---

# Sub Programs Activities

← [Back to Chapter 1](./index.html)

## Constructs

1. ```psc
    global choice
    global cm
    global inches

    procedure main()
        while True // iteration/loop
            menu()
    endprocedure

    procedure menu()
        print(“1. cm to inches”)
        print(“2. inches to cm”)
        print(“3. Quit”)
        choice = 0
        while choice < 1 or choice > 3
            choice = input(“Enter choice”)
            if choice == "1" then // branching/selection
                cm_to_in()
            elseif choice == "2" then
                in_to_cm()
            else
                quit()
    endprocedure

    procedure cm_to_in()
        cm = input("Enter cm: ") // sequence
        inches = cm * 0.393700787
        print (inches&" inches")
    endprocedure

    procedure in_to_cm()
        inches = input("Enter inches: ")
        cm = inches * 2.54
        print (cm&" cm")
    endprocedure
    ```

2. [above]
3. `for i in {0..25}`
4. `while i != 3.14`
5. When the number of iterations needed is known
6. When the setup for the loop is the same as the body of the loop

## Global and Local variables

1. ```c
    #include <stdbool.h>
    #include <stdio.h>

    int main() {
        while (true) {
            printf("1. cm -> in\n2. in -> cm\n3. Quit\n>>> ");
            int input = getchar() - '0';
            switch (input) {
            case 1:
                double user_length;
                printf("\nEnter length in cm\n>>> ");
                scanf("%d", &user_length);
                user_length *= 0.393700787;
                printf("\n%.2d inches\n");
                break;
            case 2:
                double user_length;
                printf("\nEnter length in inches\n>>> ");
                scanf("%d", &user_length);
                user_length *= 2.54;
                printf("\n%.2d cm\n");
                break;
            case 3:
                return 0;
            default:
                printf("\nInvalid selection.\n");
            }
        }
    }
    ```

2. &#x200b;
    - Global variables are variables that are accessible from any part of the program.
    - Local variables are variables that are only accessible from the scope they are defined in (or any sub-scope)
    - Scopes are blocks of code with access to a specific set of variables. In Python, only functions and classes create their own scopes. In JavaScript, any pair of curly braces (`{}`) can create its own scope - but only variables created with `let` obey this.
    - Scope and local variables can be used to minimise the memory access dangers within your program - preventing unexpected changes to a value due to a subroutine overwriting it - however globals can be used to reduce nesting call parameters - if a function at the bottom of the call stack requires a parameter in order to localise the parameter it must be passed to or generated by the functions leading to it

## Parameter passing by value and by reference

### Passing by reference

```c
#include <stdio.h>

int substract_deductions(int pay, int percent) {
    return (pay * percent) / 100;
}

void calculate_pay(int *pay) {
    *pay = *pay - subtract_deductions(pay, 22);
}

int main() {
    int pay = 2000;
    calculate_pay(&pay);
    printf("%i\n", pay);
    return 0;
}
```

```c
#include <stdio.h>

int substract_deductions(int pay, int percent) {
    return (pay * percent) / 100;
}

void calculate_pay(int pay) {
    pay = pay - subtract_deductions(pay, 22);
}

int main() {
    int pay = 2000;
    calculate_pay(&pay);
    printf("%i\n", pay);
    return 0;
}
```

- Program 1 runs as follows:
- [entering main]
  - `pay` = 2000
  - [entering calculate_pay]
    - [entering subtract_deductions]
      - Calculate `2000 * 22 / 100` (440)
      - Return 440
    - Calculate `2000 - 440` (1560)
    - `pay` = 1560
  - [`pay` = 1560]
  - Print `pay` (1560)
  - Return 0
- Program 2 runs as follows:
- [entering main]
  - `pay` = 2000
  - [entering calculate_pay]
    - [entering subtract_deductions]
      - Calculate `2000 * 22 / 100` (440)
      - Return 440
    - Calculate `2000 - 440` (1560)
    - `pay` = 1560
  - [`pay` = 2000]
  - Print `pay` (2000)
  - Return 0
